---
layout: '../../layouts/MarkdownPost.astro'
title: 'Predicting Code Coverage without Execution'
pubDate:2023-07-26 17:24:02.662282+08:00
description: 'Automated track arxiv-daily latest papers around arxiv paper daily template'
author: 'wanghaisheng'
cover:
    url: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'
    square: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'
    alt: 'cover'
tags: ['brand','brand monitor']
theme: 'light'
featured: true
meta:
 - name: author
   content: 作者是我
 - name: keywords
   content: key3, key4
keywords: key1, key2, key3
---
## authors:Michele Tufano et.al. ## publish_time:**2023-07-25** ## abstract:Code coverage is a widely used metric for quantifying the extent to which program elements, such as statements or branches, are executed during testing. Calculating code coverage is resource-intensive, requiring code building and execution with additional overhead for the instrumentation. Furthermore, computing coverage of any snippet of code requires the whole program context. Using Machine Learning to amortize this expensive process could lower the cost of code coverage by requiring only the source code context, and the task of code coverage prediction can be a novel benchmark for judging the ability of models to understand code. We propose a novel benchmark task called Code Coverage Prediction for Large Language Models (LLMs). We formalize this task to evaluate the capability of LLMs in understanding code execution by determining which lines of a method are executed by a given test case and inputs. We curate and release a dataset we call COVERAGEEVAL by executing tests and code from the HumanEval dataset and collecting code coverage information. We report the performance of four state-of-the-art LLMs used for code-related tasks, including OpenAI's GPT-4 and GPT-3.5-Turbo, Google's BARD, and Anthropic's Claude, on the Code Coverage Prediction task. Finally, we argue that code coverage as a metric and pre-training data source are valuable for overall LLM performance on software engineering tasks.
