---layout: '../../layouts/MarkdownPost.astro'title: 'Orthogonal-view Microscope for the Biomechanics Investigations of Aquatic Organisms'pubDate: 2023-07-24description: 'Automated track arxiv-daily latest papers around arxiv paper daily template'author: 'Brian T. Le et.al.'cover:    url: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'    square: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'    alt: 'cover'tags: ['brand','brand monitor']theme: 'light'featured: truemeta: - name: author   content: 作者是我 - name: keywords   content: key3, key4keywords: key1, key2, key3---## authors:Brian T. Le et.al. Microscopes are essential for biomechanics and hydrodynamical investigation of small aquatic organisms. We report a DIY microscope (GLUBscope) that enables the visualization of organisms from two orthogonal imaging planes (top and side views). Compared to conventional imaging systems, this approach provides a comprehensive visualization strategy of organisms, which could have complex shapes and morphologies. The microscope was constructed by combining custom 3D-printed parts and off-the-shelf components. The system is designed for modularity and reconfigurability. Open-source design files and build instructions are provided in this report. Additionally, proof of use experiments, particularly with Hydra and other organisms that combine the GLUBscope with an analysis pipeline, were demonstrated. Beyond the applications demonstrated, the system can be used or modified for various imaging applications.
