---layout: '../../layouts/MarkdownPost.astro'title: 'Understanding the Governance Challenges of Public Libraries Subscribing to Digital Content Distributors'pubDate: 2023-07-24description: 'Automated track arxiv-daily latest papers around arxiv paper daily template'author: 'Yunhee Shim et.al.'cover:    url: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'    square: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'    alt: 'cover'tags: ['brand','brand monitor'] theme: 'light'featured: true
meta: - name: author   content: 作者是我 - name: keywords   content: key3, key4
keywords: key1, key2, key3---## authors:Yunhee Shim et.al. As popular demand for digital information increases, public libraries are increasingly turning to commercial digital content distribution services to save curation time and costs. These services let libraries subscribe to pre-configured digital content packages that become instantly available wholesale to their patrons. However, these packages often contain content that does not align with the library's curation policy. We conducted interviews with 15 public librarians in the US to examine their experiences with subscribing to digital distribution services. We found that the subscribing libraries face many digital governance challenges, including the sub-par quality of received content, a lack of control in the curation process, and a limited understanding of how distribution services operate. We draw from prior HCI and social media moderation literature to contextualize and examine these challenges. Building upon our findings, we suggest how digital distributors, libraries, and lawmakers could improve digital distribution services in library settings. We offer recommendations for co-constructing a robust digital content curation policy and discuss how librarian's cooperation and well-deployed content moderation mechanisms could help enforce that policy. Our work informs the utility of future content moderation research that bridges the fields of CSCW and library science.
