---layout: '../../layouts/MarkdownPost.astro'title: 'Multipoint fishnet Feynman diagrams: sequential splitting'pubDate: 2023-07-24description: 'Automated track arxiv-daily latest papers around arxiv paper daily template'author: ' Francesco Aprile et.al.'cover:    url: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'    square: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'    alt: 'cover'tags: ['brand','brand monitor'] theme: 'light'featured: truemeta: - name: author   content: 作者是我 - name: keywords   content: key3, key4keywords: key1, key2, key3---## authors:  Francesco Aprile et.al. We study fishnet Feynman diagrams defined by a certain triangulation of a planar n-gon, with massless scalars propagating along and across the cuts. Our solution theory uses the technique of Separation of Variables, in combination with the theory of symmetric polynomials and Mellin space. The n-point split-ladders are solved by a recursion where all building blocks are made fully explicit. In particular, we find an elegant formula for the coefficient functions of the light-cone leading logs. When the diagram grows into a fishnet, we obtain new results exploiting a Cauchy identity decomposition of the measure over separated variables. This leads to an elementary proof of the Basso-Dixon formula at 4-points, while at n-points it provides a natural OPE-like stratification of the diagram. Finally, we propose an independent approach based on ``stampede" combinatorics to study the light-cone behaviour of the diagrams as the partition function of a certain vertex model.
