---
layout: '../../layouts/MarkdownPost.astro'
title: 'Advancing sleep detection by modelling weak label sets: A novel weakly supervised learning approach'
pubDate: 2024-07-09 05:10:18
description: ''
author: 'wanghaisheng'
cover:
    url: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'
    square: 'https://www.apple.com.cn/newsroom/images/product/homepod/standard/Apple-HomePod-hero-230118_big.jpg.large_2x.jpg'
    alt: 'cover'
tags: ['actigraphy'] 
theme: 'light'
featured: true

meta:
 - name: author
   content: Matthias Boeker et.al.
 - name: keywords
   content: key3, key4

keywords: key1, key2, key3
---

## paper id
2402.17601v1
## download
[2402.17601v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2402.17601v1)
## abstracts:
Understanding sleep and activity patterns plays a crucial role in physical and mental health. This study introduces a novel approach for sleep detection using weakly supervised learning for scenarios where reliable ground truth labels are unavailable. The proposed method relies on a set of weak labels, derived from the predictions generated by conventional sleep detection algorithms. Introducing a novel approach, we suggest a novel generalised non-linear statistical model in which the number of weak sleep labels is modelled as outcome of a binomial distribution. The probability of sleep in the binomial distribution is linked to the outcomes of neural networks trained to detect sleep based on actigraphy. We show that maximizing the likelihood function of the model, is equivalent to minimizing the soft cross-entropy loss. Additionally, we explored the use of the Brier score as a loss function for weak labels. The efficacy of the suggested modelling framework was demonstrated using the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis dataset. A \gls{lstm} trained on the soft cross-entropy outperformed conventional sleep detection algorithms, other neural network architectures and loss functions in accuracy and model calibration. This research not only advances sleep detection techniques in scenarios where ground truth data is scarce but also contributes to the broader field of weakly supervised learning by introducing innovative approach in modelling sets of weak labels.
## QA:
coming soon
